makeFileSystem 4 400 mySystem.dat
makeFileSystem -1 200 mySystem.dat
makesystem 10 200 mySystem.dat
makeFileSystem 14 236 mySystem.dat
makeFileSystem 38 150 mySystem.dat
makeFileSystem 50 -1 mySystem.dat
makeFileSystem 45 5656 mySystem.dat
makeFileSystem 1212 20011 mySystem.dat
wrongcommand 10 200 mySystem.dat
makeFileSystem 6 800 fileSystem.data
makeFileSystem 9 600 mySystem.dat
makeFileSystem 1 700 mySystem.dat
makeFileSystem 10 450 mySystem.dat
makeFileSystem 12 560 mySystem.dat
makeFileSystem 50 150 mySystem.dat
makeFileSystem 6 432 mySystem.dat
makeFileSystem 7 400 mySystem.dat
makeFileSystem 10 963 mySystem.dat
makeFileSystem 15 454 mySystem.dat
makeFileSystem 3 456 mySystem.dat
makeFileSystem 17 385 mySystem.dat
makeFileSystem 16 552 mySystem.dat
makeFileSystem 14 575 mySystem.dat
makeFileSystem 9 1212 mySystem.dat
makeFileSystem 8 671 mySystem.dat
makeFileSystem 6 985 mySystem.dat
makeFileSystem 12 680 mySystem.dat
makeFileSystem 11 447 mySystem.dat
makeFileSystem 19 623 mySystem.dat
makeFileSystem 20 154 mySystem.dat
makeFileSystem 22 120 mySystem.dat
makeFileSystem 220 1200 mySystem.dat
